Alright, real talk,  can you spot the bug in this approach?
Think about it,  - acks=0: Producer fires and forgets.
No wait for broker response.
Maximum throughput, zero durability.
Use only for metrics or logs where loss is acceptable.
acks=1: Leader acknowledges after writing to its local log.
Follower replication is async.
If the leader crashes before replication, data is lost.
Moderate throughput.
acks=all (or -1): All ISR members must acknowledge.
Combined with min.insync.replicas=2, this guarantees at least 2 replicas hold the data before acknowledgment.
Lowest I know someone who got rejected from a top product company because they couldn't explain this.
Don't let that be you.
Interviewers have a favorite trap question about Custom Partitioner.
90 percent of candidates fall for it.
I will show you the trap and how to avoid it.